---
layout: page
title: SysAdmin On-Premises
sidebar_link: true
id: sysadmin-premises
toc: true
---

<div class="page-section">
  <div class="two-third-col">
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <p>In On-Premises instances, using the <strong>SysAdmin page</strong> you can perform different management tasks at the system level.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="one-third-col">
    <div class="message">
      This panel is only accessible in <strong>on-premises</strong> instances.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="two-third-col">
    <h2>How to access</h2>
    <p>Go to your root domain set for tagtog (you probably use directly the IP or a custom domain) and access <code>/-sysadmin</code> relative path. For example: <code>https://nlp.cia.com/-sysadmin</code>. You will be prompted with a basic authentication panel, to enter the fields:</p>
    <p class="list-item"><span class="list-item-1"></span><strong>Username</strong>: use the subscription license name</p>
    <p class="list-item"><span class="list-item-2"></span><strong>Password</strong>: use the subscription license key</p>

    {% include image.html name="sysadmin-onpremises-users.png"  caption="Username, email address, and registration date." %}
  </div>
  <div class="one-third-col">
    <div class="message">
      <strong>License information</strong> is sent to you by email by the tagtog team when you first purchased the on-premises software.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="two-third-col">
    <h2>Features</h2>

    <h3>User Management</h3>
    <p>The admin panel displays a list of the users registered in the instance. You can:</p>

    <p class="list-item" markdown="1"><span class="list-item-1"></span>**Create new accounts**: generate a registration link to share with others or to use oneself</p>
    <p class="list-item" markdown="1"><span class="list-item-2"></span>**Edit accounts**: edit the users' accounts main information, namely, username, email, and password. 📝</p>
    <p class="list-item" markdown="1"><span class="list-item-3"></span>**Remove old accounts**: remove users that for example do not use anymore the application. Remove a user from the system by clicking on the remove button {% include inline-image.html name="editor-doc-remove.PNG" %}.</p>
    <p class="list-item" markdown="1"><span class="list-item-4"></span>**Revoke all auth tokens**: remove all existing token-based logins and registration links</p>


    <br/>
<div markdown="1">

### Single Sign-On (SSO)

The current SSO system on tagtog is based on **authentication tokens**. These can only be generated by the sysadmin (via API). The sysadmin can then have injected, in a simple reverse proxy server or just simple URL redirections, the corresponding authentication token that distinctively grant one user to login. The sysadmin can keep an internal map of reusable tokens or generate them on-demand programatically any time a login access is required (see below the `useOnce` API parameter). All auth tokens can easily be deleted at any time (see above: [Revoke all auth tokens](#user-management)).

#### API to request auth token

<table style="width:100%;white-space:nowrap;">
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Endpoint</strong></td>
    <td><code>{{ page.api_endpoint }}/-sysadmin/request-auth-token</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Method</strong></td>
    <td><code>POST</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Output</strong></td>
    <td>String, the auth token</td>
  </tr>
</table>

**Input Parameters**

Defined as JSON parameters:

<table style="width:100%;">
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Default</th>
    <th>Example</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>toUsername</code> (String)</td>
    <td>-</td>
    <td><em>yourUsername</em></td>
    <td>The user's username you grant the authentication to.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>expirationHours</code> (Int)</td>
    <td>-1 (meaning, no expiration)</td>
    <td>24</td>
    <td>The expiration in hours for the token to still be usable. Leave undefined or otherwise write a negative number to not have any expiration (meaning the token is valid until removed).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>useOnce</code> (Boolean)</td>
    <td>false</td>
    <td>true</td>
    <td>Besides the expiration, with this parameter you can decide whether the token can be used only once (true) or not (false, i.e., multiple times until the token is removed or expires).</td>
  </tr>  
</table>




**Coding examples**

<div id="tabs-container">
  <ul class="tabs-menu">
    <li class="current"><a href="#tab_api_request_auth_token_curl">cURL</a></li>
  </ul>
  <div class="tab">
<div id="tab_api_request_auth_token_curl" class="tab-content" style="display: block" markdown="1">
```shell
curl -u LICENSE_NAME:LICENSE_KEY -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" '{{ page.api_document_url }}/-sysadmin/request-auth-token' \
-d '{"toUsername": "yourUsername", "useOnce": true, "expirationHours": 48}'
# Example output: bbfd-33878148-6062-4934-a507-af4962753c8f
```
</div>
  </div>
</div>



#### How to use an auth token


<br/><br/>
.
</div>  <!-- Closes markdown div -->



    <br/><hr/><br/>
    <h3>Tighter authorization</h3>

    <p markdown="1">Sometimes you might want to have a tighter control about what the users and visitors of your system are allowed to do. You can configure the following authorization controls using java dynamic properties. Specifically, you must properly set the environment variable `TAGTOG_JAVA_OPTS` with the desired configuration values as described for each point below.</p>


    <h4>Disallow visitors to create accounts</h4>

    <p markdown="1">Sometimes you do not want to allow visitors to your tagtog installation creating accounts themselves. In such a case, the sysadmin is responsible to create the accounts for all the users.</p>
    <p markdown="1">Set (the java dynamic property) `application.canVisitorsCreateAccounts` to `false` (the default is _true_). Example:</p>
    <code>      
    export TAGTOG_JAVA_OPTS="${TAGTOG_JAVA_OPTS} -Dapplication.canVisitorsCreateAccounts=false";
    ./tagtog_on_premises restart latest $PWD/tagtog_home
    </code>


    <h4>Disallow users to change their account details</h4>

    <p markdown="1">In such a case, the sysadmin is responsible to edit the account details of the users.</p>
    <p markdown="1">Set `application.canUsersEditTheirAccounts` to `false` (the default is _true_). Example:</p>
    <code>      
    export TAGTOG_JAVA_OPTS="${TAGTOG_JAVA_OPTS} -Dapplication.canUsersEditTheirAccounts=false";
    ./tagtog_on_premises restart latest $PWD/tagtog_home
    </code>


    <h4>Disallow users to recover their passwords using the "Forgot Password?" email</h4>

    <p markdown="1">In such a case, the sysadmin is entirely responsible for the users' passwords.</p>
    <p markdown="1">Set `application.canUsersRequestForgotPassword` to `false` (the default is _true_). Example:</p>
    <code>      
    export TAGTOG_JAVA_OPTS="${TAGTOG_JAVA_OPTS} -Dapplication.canUsersRequestForgotPassword=false";
    ./tagtog_on_premises restart latest $PWD/tagtog_home
    </code>

  </div>
  <div class="one-third-col">
  </div>
</div>
